# s3955317_NONE4763_A2_4
At the fourth week of the course on Thursday, I was introduced to the concept of Human Factors. The teacher began the lecture with a lesson on human information specification and then went on to discuss three major aspects of human knowledge constraints. The teacher then went on to the next section of the presentation, Memory in three aspects, and requested students to conduct research on the differences between short-term and long-term memory. The instructor asked the students to do an experiment to see how many digits each individual could recall, following which we were asked to recollect our memories to answer questions regarding what we had received in our 10th birthday. The tutor presented Model Human Processor to the class with a quotation by Card Moran and Newell from 1983, and then we did some Stroop effect tests by fast stating the color of the word without making a mistake. Finally, the lecturer showed a first video on YouTube called The Monkey Business Illusion, in which we had to stay focused on counting the number of balls passed by people wearing white shirts while other distractions were present, the second video was about an illusion with clear explanations of Ames Windows, the last footage presented showed the 092 British Midlands air crash due to issues with both plane engines. I was nervous that I might miss some of the lecture because I was late to class, but my friends gave me a review on the first portion of the topic, so I was grateful to have such good friends. The lecture was tiresome throughout because so few students were involved in the lecturer's given class activities.I had a greater comprehension of the new knowledge in this course after the teacher's presentation, particularly regarding the distinction between short-term and long-term memory, which helped me comprehend the human brain. People's blind spots, eye anatomy, and how we perceive illusions, it's worth motivating me to do additional research by reading books and watching YouTube videos about learning and making illusions, like my instructor did in class, so that I may have a chance to have my learning experienced about Information Technology developed for my next course and to become a successful game creator and recieve a lot of attention from well known companies such as Sony and Google, earn a lot of attention from the community as I have always wanted. 
